[greynoise-266] GreyNoise Integration (#11007)
demisto/content: Packs/GreyNoise/Integrations/GreyNoise/GreyNoise_description.md

> To use GreyNoise on Demisto, ensure your user account has the API key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use GreyNoise on Demisto, retrieve your user account's API key and enter it in the integration's configuration.
```

#### Configure an API account on GreyNoise
 - [Login](https://viz.greynoise.io/login) / [Register](https://viz.greynoise.io/signup) at GreyNoise

>  - Once Logged-in/Register, Goto [Account Settings](https://viz.greynoise.io/account/) to get the API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Once signed in, go to [Account Settings](https://viz.greynoise.io/account/) to get the API Key.
```
